Psalm 28 a psalm of David to you I will
Psalm 28 a psalm of David to you I will cry O Lord my rock do not be silent to
cry O Lord my rock do not be silent to
cry O Lord my rock do not be silent to me lest if you are silent to me I become
me lest if you are silent to me I become
me lest if you are silent to me I become like those who go down to the pit hear
like those who go down to the pit hear
like those who go down to the pit hear the voice of my supplications when I cry
the voice of my supplications when I cry
the voice of my supplications when I cry to you when I lift up my hands toward
to you when I lift up my hands toward
to you when I lift up my hands toward your holy sanctuary do not take me away
your holy sanctuary do not take me away
your holy sanctuary do not take me away with the wicked and with the workers of
with the wicked and with the workers of
with the wicked and with the workers of iniquity who speak peace to their
iniquity who speak peace to their
iniquity who speak peace to their neighbors but evil is in their hearts
neighbors but evil is in their hearts
neighbors but evil is in their hearts give them according to their deeds and
give them according to their deeds and
give them according to their deeds and according to the wickedness of their
according to the wickedness of their
according to the wickedness of their endeavors give them according to the
endeavors give them according to the
endeavors give them according to the work of their hands render to them what
work of their hands render to them what
work of their hands render to them what they deserve because they do not regard
they deserve because they do not regard
they deserve because they do not regard the works of the Lord nor the operation
the works of the Lord nor the operation
the works of the Lord nor the operation of his hands he shall destroy them and
of his hands he shall destroy them and
of his hands he shall destroy them and not build them up blessed be the Lord
not build them up blessed be the Lord
not build them up blessed be the Lord because he has heard the voice of my
because he has heard the voice of my
because he has heard the voice of my supplications the Lord is my strength
supplications the Lord is my strength
supplications the Lord is my strength and my shield my heart trusted in him
and my shield my heart trusted in him
and my shield my heart trusted in him and I am helped therefore my heart
and I am helped therefore my heart
and I am helped therefore my heart greatly rejoices and with my song I will
greatly rejoices and with my song I will
greatly rejoices and with my song I will praise Him the Lord is their strength
praise Him the Lord is their strength
praise Him the Lord is their strength and he is the saving refuge of his
and he is the saving refuge of his
and he is the saving refuge of his anointed save your people and bless your
anointed save your people and bless your
anointed save your people and bless your inheritance shepherd them also and bear
inheritance shepherd them also and bear
inheritance shepherd them also and bear them up forever
them up forever
them up forever you